Virtual-Privacy is a Pythonic Swiss army knife for conducting cover communications over untrusted networks in the presence of third parties. Featuring a custom network security protocol, virtual-privacy employs elements of SSH, PGP, and PKI to maintain confidentiality, integrity, authenticity and evasion. Communications can be wrapped in TSL on top of the VP network security protocol. 

Designed as a spiritual successor to Netcat and Cryptocat, Virtual-Privacy includes the features of both. Users can generate Clients or Servers and engage in encrypted communications, secure file transfer, or as a slave and encrypted remote command center. Other modes allow for the user to interactively generate public key infrastructure through a guided process, or generate RSA key pairs on the fly.

Virtual-Privacy uses SQL databases to remember connection info, although a private key must be provided by the user at runtime. VP will detect encrypted private keys and prompt you for password. A default SQL database, 'user_database', will be created on the first runtime. A new database will also be created anytime the --user argument is set to a non-default value at runtime. Database operations can be accessed through the positinal argument, 'mode', at runtime. Users can save server information by setting a nickname for the server, which will automatically provide the IP, port, RSA public key, & certificate (if required).

When hosting a Chatroom server, the server's SQL database contains a separate table for users. Server admins must register a username and an RSA public key for user's to be able to authenticate. Otherwise they will get Rick Rolled. You have been warned!
